Readme.md, before:

<!-- <a name="readme-top"></a> -->

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Todo list App -- with Webpack ](#todo-list-app--with-webpack)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#built-with)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#live-demo)
  - [Getting Started ](#getting-started)
    - [Install ](#install)
  - [Author ](#author)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#future-features)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#contributing)
  - [Show your support ](#show-your-support)
  - [Acknowledgments ](#acknowledgments)
  - [📝 License ](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# Capstone Javascript Project -- with External API <a name="todo-list-app--with-webpack"></a>

> We build this project using webpack and following industry standards Gitflow pattern. On this app, you can view meals, search a meal, leave a comment on a single meal, or even like.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- Javascript
- Webpack

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Key features of the application include the feature to:

- **View meals.**
- **Leave a comment on a single meal.**
- **Like a meal.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> You can see a live demo via the link bellow.

- [Live Demo Link](https://serengia.github.io/capstone-project--consuming-API/dist)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Install <a name="install"></a>

```js
npm install
```

To build a webpack bundle file,run

```js
npm run build
```

If you want to build and run the local server, run

```js
npm start
```

## Authors <a name="author"></a>

👤 **Henry Ikemefuna**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/henry-dura)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/henryikemefuna)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henry-ikemefuna-ugwu-3a2613100/)
- 👤 **James Serengia**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/serengia)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/JamesSerengia)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/james-serengia)

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Reordering a selected item (as drag-and-drop)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- Hat tip to anyone who inspired this project

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<a name="readme-top"></a>

Commit message:

Implement project setup with Webpack and jest

Readme.md, after:

<!-- <a name="readme-top"></a> -->

<!-- TABLE OF CONTENTS -->

# 📗 Table of Contents

- [📗 Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
- [Todo list App -- with Webpack ](#todo-list-app--with-webpack)
  - [🛠 Built With ](#built-with)
    - [Key Features ](#key-features)
  - [🚀 Live Demo ](#live-demo)
  - [Getting Started ](#getting-started)
    - [Install ](#install)
  - [Author ](#author)
  - [🔭 Future Features ](#future-features)
  - [🤝 Contributing ](#contributing)
  - [Show your support ](#show-your-support)
  - [Acknowledgments ](#acknowledgments)
  - [📝 License ](#license)

<!-- PROJECT DESCRIPTION -->

# Capstone Javascript Project -- with External API <a name="todo-list-app--with-webpack"></a>

> We build this project using webpack and following industry standards Gitflow pattern. On this app, you can view meals, search a meal, leave a comment on a single meal, or even like.

## 🛠 Built With <a name="built-with"></a>

- Javascript
- Webpack

<!-- Features -->

### Key Features <a name="key-features"></a>

> Key features of the application include the feature to:

- **View meals.**
- **Leave a comment on a single meal.**
- **Like a meal.**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- LIVE DEMO -->

## 🚀 Live Demo <a name="live-demo"></a>

> You can see a live demo via the link bellow.

- [Live Demo Link](https://serengia.github.io/capstone-project--consuming-API/dist)

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

<!-- GETTING STARTED -->

## Getting Started <a name="getting-started"></a>

To get a local copy up and running follow these simple example steps.

### Install <a name="install"></a>

```js
npm install
```

To build a webpack bundle file,run

```js
npm run build
```

To start the project, run

```js
npm start
```

You might also want to the local server automatically restarted for you any time you change any file in src folder. To activate that, open another terminal beside the the one running **npm start** and run the following command. Ensure to keep the terminal running:

```js
npm run watch
```

## Authors <a name="author"></a>

👤 **Henry Ikemefuna**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/henry-dura)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/henryikemefuna)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/henry-ikemefuna-ugwu-3a2613100/)
- 👤 **James Serengia**

- GitHub: [@githubhandle](https://github.com/serengia)
- Twitter: [@twitterhandle](https://twitter.com/JamesSerengia)
- LinkedIn: [LinkedIn](https://linkedin.com/in/james-serengia)

<!-- FUTURE FEATURES -->

## 🔭 Future Features <a name="future-features"></a>

- [ ] **Reordering a selected item (as drag-and-drop)**

<p align="right">(<a href="#readme-top">back to top</a>)</p>

## 🤝 Contributing <a name="contributing"></a>

Contributions, issues, and feature requests are welcome!

Feel free to check the [issues page](../../issues/).

## Show your support <a name="support"></a>

Give a ⭐️ if you like this project!

## Acknowledgments <a name="acknowledgements"></a>

- Hat tip to anyone who inspired this project

## 📝 License <a name="license"></a>

This project is [MIT](./MIT.md) licensed.

_NOTE: we recommend using the [MIT license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/mit/) - you can set it up quickly by [using templates available on GitHub](https://docs.github.com/en/communities/setting-up-your-project-for-healthy-contributions/adding-a-license-to-a-repository). You can also use [any other license](https://choosealicense.com/licenses/) if you wish._

<a name="readme-top"></a>
